//*****TCS Internal*******
What is the git command to see the last 3 commits in one line ?
git log -–oneline -3  --  Correct

How do I view all the commits for the last 2 weeks ?
git log -–since=”2 weeks ago”  --  Correct

What is the significance of using –index in the git stash pop - - index command ?
To pull the staged changes  --  Correct

What is the command to temporarily store uncommitted ?
git stash  --  Correct

What command should I use to retrieve my files that have been temporarily stashed ?
git stash pop – index  --  Correct

what is the command to view all the commits made by a specific person (Jim)?
git log -–author=”Jim”  --  Correct

What is the git command to see all the commit since 1st January 2017 ?
git log -–since=”2017-01-01”

A good commit message can have have more then 100 characters.
False  --  Correct

What is the output of the command git reset -–soft HEAD ~5 ?
move the last 5 commits as 1 into the staging area  --  Correct

What is the output of the command git reset –hard HEAD ~3?
throw away the last 3 commits  --  Correct

I want to take all the changes I made in the staging to my working directory , what command should I use to do this operation ?
git reset HEAD  --  Correct

A good commit message should be descriptive and specific
True  --  Correct

What is the command to amend an incorrect commit message ?
git commit –amend -m “correct message”  --  Correct

What is the command to pick a commit from a specific branch and move it to another branch ?
git cherrypick  --  Correct

Which command helps you track the revisions of your revisions in git ?
git reflog  --  Correct

I have made a commit and discarded it . I can still retrieve that commit using git reflog.
True  --  Correct

git reflog track the commits that are made and the commits that are discarded .
True  --  Correct

What is the git command to move branch pointer to different commit without checkout ?
git update-ref  --  Correct

git reflog –verbose will print extra information on the screen.
True  --  Correct

git bisect is used to identify a commit that has introduced a bug .
True  --  Correct
